Here is a list of public data sets generated by the ImageAnalysis tool
chain and viewable with the 7a-explore map viewer.

- <b>Download: [phantom-23-20190731.zip](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1r1uV5lutFEpqabBxwlHO-Eg2oDsm_gKp)</b><br>
  Approximate Size: 5Gb<br>
  Date Flown: 31 July, 2019<br>
  Location: Chandler, MN<br>
  Equipment: DJI Phantom 4 Pro v2<br>
  Description: Extrementely detailed (low altitude) map of a portion of a
  corn field.  This is a data set that pix4d is unable to stitch, but the
  `--match-strategy smart` option of our tools is able to predict/find
  valid features and stitch the images together.

- <b>Download: [rosemount-20190311.zip](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1uOwj1HaLHD0a6RZotO7nVpYpkDF_fEas)</b><br>
  Approximate Size: 5Gb<br>
  Date Flown: 11 March, 2019<br>
  Location: Rosemount, MN<br>
  Equipment: DJI Phantom 4 Pro v2<br>
  Description: Detailed map of a portion of the abandoned WW-II
  ammunition plant.  There are 4 distinct human beings in this map.
  For the first person that can send me the locations, I'll come up
  with a prize!

- <b>Download: [sprc-20190308.zip](https://drive.google.com/open?id=15ud5xWzAxbk-AwRv0_NVE2honAVGDmlE)</b><br>
  Approximate Size: 5Gb<br>
  Date Flown: 8 March, 2019<br>
  Location: Ham Lake, MN<br>
  Equipment: X-UAV Talon, Sony A6000 w/ 30mm prime lens<br>
  Description: Quick test flight from a U of MN UAV Lab test fly day.
  Area covered in deep snow minimizing animal trails and activities,
  but encouraging snow mobile trails and activities.

- <b>Download: [elmcreek.zip](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fE02t4SJKeAKej9dLCZH0DSjzNeNIpOk)</b><br>
  Approximate Size: 25Gb<br>
  Date Flown: 14 January, 2019<br>
  Location: Elm Creek Park Preserve, MN<br>
  Equipment: X-UAV Talon, Sony A6000 w/ 30mm prime lens<br>
  Description: Oriental bittersweet survey.  Flown in light freezing
  drizzle that coated the front 1/4 to 1/3 of the wing, but thankfully
  the aircraft was able to handle the extra weight.

- <b>Download: [sprc-hd-20190111.zip](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1jf4Hr9SwsLmT27BwwELpvONOpYCGnjm7)</b><br>
  Approximate Size: 20Gb<br>
  Date Flown: 11 January, 2019<br>
  Location: Ham Lake, MN<br>
  Equipment: X-UAV Talon, Sony A6000 w/ 30mm prime lens<br>
  Description: Flown on the same day as the Ultra Stick flight.  This
  is a legit survey test with 70% overlap, good camera
  triggering/timing, and the camera configured to auto set it's iso
  and f-stop.

- <b>Download: [sprc-20190111.zip](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XkyKnBsJHfxQ2Wty-keN9SP5eAbEFeLw)</b><br>
  Approximate Size: 2Gb<br>
  Date Flown: 11 January, 2019<br>
  Location: Ham Lake, MN<br>
  Equipment: Ultra Stick 120, RunCam HD<br>
  Description: 0.5 second interval frame grabs from a Nadir mounted
  RuncamHD.  Originally used to optimize aircraft location/orientation
  at 0.5 second intervals to independently crosscheck/validate runtime
  EKF solution.

- <b>Download: [sprc-20181130.zip](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1_b53l6QGuxpFWMlDobTr08J6TO37f45p)</b><br>
  Approximate Size: 6Gb<br>
  Date Flown: 30 November, 2018<br>
  Location: Ham Lake, MN<br>
  Equipment: X-UAV Talon, Sony A6000 w/ 30mm prime lens<br>
  Description: Test flight.  Flown about an hour before sunset in dreary
  overcast winter conditions.  This was soon after about an inch of fresh
  snow so the area is covered in deer, human, vehicle, and some airplane
  tracks.

- <b>Download: [ne-4.zip](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aBV4Klc-9Kh-mEl_I2XZSLewRrPGhHs3)</b><br>
  Approximate Size: 8Gb<br>
  Date Flown: 11 October, 2017<br>
  Location: South Central Agricultural Laboratory (Farm Location), NE<br>
  Equipment: Skywalker 1900, Sony A6000 w/ 20mm prime lens<br>
  Description: Palmer amaramanth survey.  Flown in very strong gusty winds.

- <b>Download: [avon-park.zip](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cIgT1YTbuteyqUTp8YWm4vg74oTvMg8B/view?usp=sharing)</b><br>
  Approximate Size: 3Gb<br>
  Date Flown: 6 June, 2014<br>
  Location: Avon Park, FL<br>
  Equipment: ATI Resolution 3, Samsung NX210 w/ 30mm prime lens<br>
  Description: Flight/camera demo and safety checkout and camera demo
  for NOAA ocean debris project.

- <b>Download: [sprc-20140528.zip](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14KI57poxN7LIvcHfPDgv6MWLdgM5IHii)</b><br>
  Approximate Size: 4Gb<br>
  Date Flown: 28 May, 2014<br>
  Location: Ham Lake, MN<br>
  Equipment: ATI Resolution 3, Samsung NX210 w/ 30mm prime lens<br>
  Description: Final walk through flight before NOAA demo.
  Interesting note: the aircraft was completely destroyed in an
  autolanding landing mishap (stall/spin at low altitude) traced back
  to a faulty pitot tube that was lying about airspeed.
